Rewrite builder in the readme (#196)
MaikKlein/ash: README.md

let queue_info = [vk::DeviceQueueCreateInfo::builder()
    .queue_family_index(queue_family_index)
    .queue_priorities(&priorities)
    .build()];

// We don't need to call build here because builders implement `Deref`.
let device_create_info = vk::DeviceCreateInfo::builder()
    .queue_create_infos(&queue_info)
    .enabled_extension_names(&device_extension_names_raw)
    .enabled_features(&features);

let device: Device = instance
    .create_device(pdevice, &device_create_info, None)
    .unwrap();
```

Builders have an explicit lifetime, and are marked as `#[repr(transparent)]`.
```Rust
#[repr(transparent)]
pub struct DeviceCreateInfoBuilder<'a> {
    inner: DeviceCreateInfo,
    marker: ::std::marker::PhantomData<&'a ()>,
}
impl<'a> DeviceCreateInfoBuilder<'a> {
    //...
    pub fn queue_create_infos(
        mut self,
        queue_create_infos: &'a [DeviceQueueCreateInfo],
    ) -> DeviceCreateInfoBuilder<'a> {...}
    //...
```

Every reference has to live as long as the builder itself. Builders implement `Deref` targeting their corresponding Vulkan struct, so references to builders can be passed directly
to Vulkan functions.

> Calling `.build()` will **discard** that lifetime because Vulkan structs use raw pointers internally. This should be avoided as much as possible because this can easily lead to dangling pointers. If `.build()` has to be called, it should be called as late as possible. The reason for this is that the lifetime of [temporaries](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/expressions.html#temporary-lifetimes) will be extended to the enclosing block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling `.build()` will **discard** that lifetime because Vulkan structs use raw pointers internally. This should be avoided as much as possible because this can easily lead to dangling pointers. If `.build()` has to be called, it should be called as late as possible. Lifetimes of [temporaries](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/expressions.html#temporary-lifetimes) are extended to the enclosing statement, ensuring they are valid for the duration of a Vulkan call occurring in the same statement.
```

Author: I just sort of quoted it from the reference
> the temporary is created with the lifetime of the enclosing block instead

Enclosing block here would be the function call itself.

Reviewer: That quote is taken severely out of context. The part you cut off is "When a temporary value expression is being created that is assigned into a let declaration, however, ..."; it is describing an exception to the usual enclosing-statement rule.

Author: I mean you could write it as  `let _ = foo(&temp())`. I guess yours is more clear though, I just merge it in.

Reviewer: In that example, you are assigning the return value of `foo(...)`, not the temporary. The lifetime of the temporary is only that statement.
